# 👂 Listening App 👂

This app provides basic ear-based music theory exercises.

It is a client side only act built with React

## Development
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Requirements
We suggest developing this project using Node >= v14.4.0 and `npm` >= 6.14.4.

### Running the App
To set up your development environment, run: `npm install`

To run the app in the development mode, run: `npm start`, and open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### Deploying

Run `npm run deploy` to trigger the github pages build/deploy.  Changes may take a few minutes to propagate.

### Creating a new exercise
* Create a new file with the exercise name, e.g. MyNewExircise.js.
* In that file add a function, e.g. generateMyNewExercise, that returns an object with an `answer` key and any other information needed to reproduce the exercise
* Also in that file, add a react component that displays the exercise and any answer buttons.  That react class should have the following properties:
   * answer --  a string representing the correct answer
   * exerciseInfo -- the object generated by your generating function
   * submittedAnswers -- list of strings representing guesses the user has made
   * onAnswerClick -- function provided by the Quiz class that handles answer clicks
* In App.js, import you new file and add a new route
* In Home.js, add a  button linking to the route you just created

### Configuration

Default development and production configurations are in .env.development and .env.production.

REACT_APP_NUM_QUESTIONS_IN_QUIZ -- number of questions in each quiz.  I usually develop with two questions, but have more in production.
